SIS-750 Data Analysis: Poster
================

## Introduction

This poster presents preliminary results from a pilot survey conducted
in Delhi, India in July 2022 to support my doctoral dissertation
project. The project asks: what explains variation in public trust in
local democratic institutions, specifically the Municipal Corporation of
Delhi (MCD), among citizens living in conditions of high urban
informality?

## Methods

The preliminary pilot survey comprised of 264 households across 8
unauthorized colonies in Southeast Delhi, combined with interviews with
neighborhood association leaders in each colony. 246 households
responded to the question on trust in the MCD.

## Key Results

Results show that women, Muslims and Scheduled Tribes tend to distrust
the MCD. On the other hand, higher income is associated with higher
levels of trust. A key finding is that the presence of a Residents’
Welfare Association (RWA), a type of neighborhood association is
associated with higher levels of trust. This is also established through
the cumulative link model regression results. In addition,being male and
having trust in local political leaders is associated with higher levels
of trust in the MCD.

## Acknowledgements

I’m grateful for feedback and support from Prof. Adam Auerbach. Special
thanks to Across Research and Communication Pvt. Ltd. for conducting the
survey in Delhi, and to Umang Bhansali for excellent research
assistance. This research is funded by the School of International
Service, American University and the APSA Centennial Center.

I’m also grateful to Prof. Austin Hart for providing feedback on how to
improve the poster. Note: I’ve received feedback that text bleeds into
column four in previous iterations - I have tried to rectify this and
the poster appears in three columns on my machine now.
